Today I set up a development environment for Astro so that I can make this dev blog exist. It doesn't exist yet, but I've officially done my first ever push from local files to Github. Right now I'm just writing this file in Obsidian and hoping I have it in the right folder.

I'm planning a project, and this dev blog will exist to document it (and other projects). On Archive Of Our Own, it is possible to search all of the canonical "No Fandom" tags, used to indicate genre and content so that readers can find what they're looking for. If they were randomized and formatted in an engaging way, canonical tags make excellent fanfiction writing prompts. I want to make a bingo card generator.

The plan, at present, is to follow a guide called [Fandom Cookies](https://store.fujocoded.com/products/other/fandom-cookies-digital-items-pack) made by my friends over at FujoWebDev. This guide will let me create a fortune cookie generator. Broadly speaking, it does a lot of things I want the bingo card generator to do: pulls from a list of options, randomly chooses one, and presents it in a heavily styled way. I'll have to make a lot of changes to turn it into a bingo card generator, but it can be done.

I'll start by making a bingo card generator that pulls from a static list and make sure I've got it working. After that, I want the program to accept a user-submitted CSV, such as can be exported from [AutoAO3app](https://autoao3app.fandom.tools/). (I think this generator concept has a lot of useful potential for some kinds of exchanges and big bangs!) Then after _that_ I want to learn how to scrape the "No Fandom" canonicals using [AO3.js](https://github.com/FujoWebDev/AO3.js) so they can be used for randomization. 

This will be my first Big Coding Project. The website almost doesn't feel like it counts because Astro seems like it will make it very easy. But the website isn't done yet, either, so... maybe I'm underestimating web dev.