---
title: 'continuing the Astro blog tutorial'
pubDate: 2026-03-12
description: "Today I submitted my first PR, suggesting a new line in the Astro docs to improve navigation. Now I'm continuing my journey through the Astro blog tutorial."
author: 'bashrocks'
tags: ["astro", "devblog meta"]
---

2026-03-12

I made a PR to the Astro docs adding a line linking to the Deploy page from the blog tutorial, like I said I would yesterday. I think I understand how PRs and merges work now. At least through the GUI. I haven't tried to do anything with Github through the CLI except pushing from local.

So far, using Astro has been a lot more work than making an HTML site would be. I've built a couple HTML pages with minimal JavaScript and imported an extremely basic CSS sheet. Visually, the result is something I could have put together in an hour, and it's taken me multiple days. It feels a bit frustrating. I've figured out how to incorporate JavaScript variables into an HTML page, but I'm not sure how Astro frontmatter works yet for Markdown pages, so I can't style the blog posts yet... much less connect to them. 

I haven't gotten into the parts of Astro that make things more efficient. Specifically, I want dynamically generated blog post navigation and styling. I don't want to have to import CSS for every single blog post. I don't want to have to manually insert links for each post into some kind of navigation block. The next unit is UI components, so I suspect we'll deal with it then.

Ooo, this next section is about dynamic HTML... The later sections must go into the stuff that makes a dynamically updating blog functional.
